Revamp Cmdpal docs (#5514)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: hub/powertoys/command-palette/using-form-pages.md

**Previous**: [Display markdown content](using-markdown-content.md)

> Now that we know how to present basic markdown content, let's try displaying something more elaborate by leveraging the power of **[Adaptive Cards](https://adaptivecards.io/)**. This is useful for creating forms, or for displaying more complex content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we know how to present basic markdown content, let's try displaying something more meaningful by leveraging the power of **[Adaptive Cards](https://adaptivecards.io/)**. This is useful for creating forms, or for displaying more complex content.
```

            "label": "Name",
            "style": "text",
            "id": "SimpleVal",
            "isRequired": true,
            "errorMessage": "Name is required",
            "placeholder": "Enter your name"
        }
    ],
    "actions": [
        {
            "type": "Action.Submit",
            "title": "Submit",
            "data": {
                "id": "1234567890"
            }
        }
    ]
}
""";

    }

    public override CommandResult SubmitForm(string payload)
    {
        var formInput = JsonNode.Parse(payload)?.AsObject();
        Debug.WriteLine($"Form submitted with formInput: {formInput}");
        if (formInput == null)
        {
            return CommandResult.GoHome();
        }
        ConfirmationArgs confirmArgs = new()
        {
            PrimaryCommand = new AnonymousCommand(
                () =>
                {
                    string? name = formInput["Name"]?.ToString();
                    ToastStatusMessage t = new($"Hi {name}" ?? "No name entered");
                    t.Show();
                })
            {
                Name = "Confirm",
                 Result = CommandResult.KeepOpen(),
            },

>         return CommandResult.Confirm(confirmArgs);

Reviewer: need to close the "ConfirmationArgs" line.
```suggestion
	};
	
        return CommandResult.Confirm(confirmArgs);
```

Reviewer: A bug occurred in the "Docs Test" extension's code:
Unable to find the specified file.
WinRT.Runtime
   at WinRT.ExceptionHelpers.<ThrowExceptionForHR>g__Throw|38_0(Int32 hr)
   at ABI.Microsoft.CommandPalette.Extensions.IFormContentMethods.SubmitForm(IObjectReference _obj, String inputs, String data)
   at Microsoft.CmdPal.UI.ViewModels.ContentFormViewModel.<>c__DisplayClass21_0.<HandleSubmit>b__0()

Getting the above error on submit

Reviewer: Getting this anytime i press submit even on the template we do next

Author: ah, I forgot to add the title and description for the confirmation message

    }
}
```

The `SampleContentForm` contains the form and form submission logic. The `TemplateJson` contains the form structure and actions. This example only contains one text input which has the id of "Name" and has one action of submitting the form. The `SubmitForm` handles parsing the payload; if its invalid will return the command to home and otherwise will display a confirmation dialog and a toast notification.

> 1. Open <ExtensionName>CommandsProvider.cs

Reviewer 2: You'll need to escape all of these angle brackets or the build system thinks they're HTML tags. I'll add suggestions for the rest.

```suggestion
1. Open \<ExtensionName\>CommandsProvider.cs
```

1. Replace the `MarkdownPage` for  `FormPage`:

```diff
public <ExtensionName>CommandsProvider()
{
    DisplayName = "My sample extension";
    Icon = IconHelpers.FromRelativePath("Assets\\StoreLogo.png");
    _commands = [
+       new CommandItem(new FormPage()) { Title = DisplayName },
    ];
}
```

1. Deploy your extension
1. In command palette, `Reload`

> ![Screenshot of extension using ContentPage for simple form](../../images/command-palette/form-simple.png)

Reviewer 2: Alt text should be unique within a file to help with accessibility. I'll add a suggestion for each, but feel free to use what you think is best.
```suggestion
![Screenshot of extension using ContentPage for simple form after reloading](../../images/command-palette/form-simple.png)
```

            "valueOn": "true",
            "valueOff": "false",
            "id": "AcceptsTerms",
            "isRequired": true,
            "errorMessage": "Accepting the terms and conditions is required"
        },
        {
            "type": "Input.Toggle",
            "label": "How do you feel about red cars?",
            "title": "${Survey.questions[1].question}",
            "valueOn": "RedCars",
            "valueOff": "NotRedCars",
            "id": "ColorPreference"
        }
    ],
    "actions": [
        {
            "type": "Action.Submit",
            "title": "Submit",
            "data": {
                "id": "1234567890"
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

1. In the `SAMPLE DATA EDITOR` replace the json with:

```json
{
    "ParticipantInfoForm": {
        "title": "Input.Text elements"
    },
    "Survey": {
        "title": "Input Toggle",
        "questions": [
            {
                "question": "I accept the terms and conditions (True/False)"
            },
            {
                "question": "Red cars are better than other cars"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

The Designer tool should look something like this:

> ![Screenshot of extension using ContentPage for simple form](../../images/command-palette/form-toggle.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the form in the Designer tool](../../images/command-palette/form-toggle.png)
```

To add this content to your extension:

1. Update `TemplateJson` with `CARD PAYLOAD EDITOR` content
1. Under `TemplateJson`, add:

```csharp
        DataJson = $$"""
{
    "ParticipantInfoForm": {
        "title": "Input.Text elements"
    },
    "Survey": {
        "title": "Input Toggle",
        "questions": [
            {
                "question": "I accept the terms and conditions (True/False)"
            },
            {
                "question": "Red cars are better than other cars"
            }
        ]
    }
}
""";
```

1. Deploy your extension
1. In command palette, `Reload`

> ![Screenshot of extension using ContentPage for simple form](../../images/command-palette/form-toggle-comdpal.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of extension using ContentPage for simple form after another reload](../../images/command-palette/form-toggle-comdpal.png)
```
